docs: Improve readme with new sections and minor fixes (#832)
wadearnold/ach: README.md

# moov-io/ach
Moov's mission is to give developers an easy way to create and integrate bank processing into their own software products. Our open source projects are each focused on solving a single responsibility in financial services and designed around performance, scalability, and ease-of-use.

ACH implements a reader, writer, and validator for Automated Clearing House ([ACH](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automated_Clearing_House)) files. ACH is the primary method of electronic money movement throughout the United States. The HTTP server is available in a [Docker image](#docker) and the Go package `github.com/moov-io/ach` is available.

If you're looking for a complete implementation of ACH origination (file creation), OFAC checks, micro-deposits, SFTP uploading, and other features the [moov-io/paygate](https://github.com/moov-io/paygate) project aims to be a full system for ACH transfers. Otherwise, check out our article on [How and When to use the Moov ACH Library](https://moov.io/blog/tutorials/how-and-when-to-use-the-moov-ach-library/).

## Table of Contents

- [Project Status](#project-status)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - As an API
    - [Docker](#docker)

>     - [Configuration Settings](#configuration-settings)

Reviewer: These configuration options apply to all of the "As an API" options. I'm not sure how best to represent that.

Author: Would putting the config settings at the bottom of the API options better imply that?

Reviewer: I think so. We could add "([Config](...))" as well that uses the same link for all three.

# moov-io/ach
Moov's mission is to give developers an easy way to create and integrate bank processing into their own software products. Our open source projects are each focused on solving a single responsibility in financial services and designed around performance, scalability, and ease-of-use.

ACH implements a reader, writer, and validator for Automated Clearing House ([ACH](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automated_Clearing_House)) files. ACH is the primary method of electronic money movement throughout the United States. The HTTP server is available in a [Docker image](#docker) and the Go package `github.com/moov-io/ach` is available.

If you're looking for a complete implementation of ACH origination (file creation), OFAC checks, micro-deposits, SFTP uploading, and other features the [moov-io/paygate](https://github.com/moov-io/paygate) project aims to be a full system for ACH transfers. Otherwise, check out our article on [How and When to use the Moov ACH Library](https://moov.io/blog/tutorials/how-and-when-to-use-the-moov-ach-library/).

## Table of Contents

- [Project Status](#project-status)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - As an API

>     - [Docker](#docker)
>     - [Google Cloud](#google-cloud-run-button)
>     - [HTTP API](#http-api)
>     - [Configuration Settings](#configuration-settings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Docker](#docker) ([Config](#configuration-settings))
    - [Google Cloud](#google-cloud-run-button) ([Config](#configuration-settings))
    - [HTTP API](#http-api) ([Config](#configuration-settings))
```

Author: Yeah, that looks good

  - [As a Go Module](#go-library)
  - [As a Command Line Tool](#command-line)
  - [As an In-Browser Parser](##in-browser-ach-file-parser)
- [SDKs (OpenAPI)](#sdks)
- [Learn About ACH](#useful-links)
- [Getting Help](#getting-help)
- [Supported and Tested Platforms](#supported-and-tested-platforms)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Related Projects](#related-projects)

## Project Status

Moov ACH is actively used in multiple production environments. Please star the project if you are interested in its progress. The project supports generating and parsing all Standard Entry Class (SEC) codes. If you have layers above ACH to simplify tasks, perform business operations, or found bugs we would appreciate an issue or pull request. Thanks!

## Usage

The ACH project implements an HTTP server and Go library for creating and modifying ACH files. There are client libraries available for both [Go](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/moov-io/ach) and [Node/JavaScript](https://github.com/moov-io/ach-node-sdk). We also have an extensive list of [examples](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/moov-io/ach/examples) of the reader and writer applied to various ACH transaction types.

> ### Docker [(Config)](#configuration-settings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Docker
```

{"file":{"id":"<YOUR-UNIQUE-FILE-ID>","fileHeader":{"id":"","immediateDestination":"231380104","immediateOrigin":"121042882", ...
```

> ### Google Cloud Run Button [(Config)](#configuration-settings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Google Cloud Run Button
```

{"file":{"id":"<YOUR-UNIQUE-FILE-ID>","fileHeader":{"id":"...","immediateDestination":"231380104","immediateOrigin":"121042882", ...
```

### HTTP API

> The package [`github.com/moov-io/ach/server`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/moov-io/ach/server) offers an HTTP and JSON API for creating and editing files. If you're using Go the `ach.File` type can be used, otherwise just send properly formatted JSON. We have an [example JSON file](test/testdata/ppd-valid.json), but each SEC type will generate different JSON.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The package [`github.com/moov-io/ach/server`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/moov-io/ach/server) offers an HTTP and JSON API for creating and editing files. If you're using Go, the `ach.File` type can be used, otherwise you can send properly formatted JSON. We have an [example JSON file](test/testdata/ppd-valid.json), but each SEC type will generate different JSON.
```

Examples: [Go](examples/http/main.go) | [Ruby](https://github.com/moov-io/ruby-ach-demo)

- [Create an ACH file for a payment and get the raw file](https://github.com/moov-io/ruby-ach-demo)

### Configuration Settings

| Environmental Variable | Description | Default |
|-----|-----|-----|
| `ACH_FILE_TTL` | Time to live (TTL) for `*ach.File` objects stored in the in-memory repository. | 0 = No TTL / Never delete files (Example: `240m`) |
| `LOG_FORMAT` | Format for logging lines to be written as. | Options: `json`, `plain` - Default: `plain` |
| `HTTP_BIND_ADDRESS` | Address for paygate to bind its HTTP server on. This overrides the command-line flag `-http.addr`. | Default: `:8080` |

> | `HTTP_ADMIN_BIND_ADDRESS` | Address for paygate to bind its admin HTTP server on. This overrides the command-line flag `-admin.addr`. | Default: `:9090` |

Reviewer 2: `paygate` should be `ACH`

Author: Good catch

| `HTTPS_CERT_FILE` | Filepath containing a certificate (or intermediate chain) to be served by the HTTP server. Requires all traffic be over secure HTTP. | Empty |
| `HTTPS_KEY_FILE`  | Filepath of a private key matching the leaf certificate from `HTTPS_CERT_FILE`. | Empty |

> Note: By design ACH **does not persist** (save) any data about the files, batches, or entry details created. The only storage occurs in memory of the process and upon restart ACH will have no files, batches, or data saved. Also, no in memory encryption of the data is performed.

Reviewer 2: Should we put this line under `###Persistence` or something similar? It's easy to overlook as a note under config settings and it's one of the first questions I would ask as a new developer approaching the project.

Reviewer 2: If we have some commonly asked questions, maybe a FAQ would be nice too

Author: Yeah good point, persistence is very important. I'll put it in its own section.

I'll add a FAQ section, but I'm not too sure what to add to it at the moment. Seems like most of the ACH questions on Slack are fairly specific, but we could highlight some points like persistence and the browser tool for now, adding new questions as they come up.

{"file":{"id":"<YOUR-UNIQUE-FILE-ID>","fileHeader":{"id":"...","immediateDestination":"231380104","immediateOrigin":"121042882", ...
```

> ### HTTP API [(Config)](#configuration-settings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### HTTP API
```

  1           1           1                  100000000         0
```

### In-Browser ACH File Parser
Using our [in-browser utility](http://oss.moov.io/ach/), you can instantly convert ACH files into JSON. Either paste in ACH file content directly or choose a file from your local machine. This tool is particulary useful if you're handling sensitive PII or want perform some quick tests, as operations are fully client-side with nothing stored in memory. We plan to support bidirectional conversion in the near future.

### SDKs

Below are some SDKs generated from the API documentation:

- [Node SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ach-node-sdk) | [GitHub](https://github.com/moov-io/ach-node-sdk)

- TODO - OpenAPI Guide

## Learn About ACH

- [Intro to ACH](./docs/intro.md)
- [Create an ACH File](./docs/create-file.md)
- [ACH File Structure](./docs/file-structure.md)
- [Balanced Offset Files](./docs/balanced-offset.md)
- [Merging ACH Files](./docs/merging-files.md)
- [ACH Server Metrics](./docs/metrics.md)

> ## FAQ

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29054071/104524089-ac1caf00-55b3-11eb-8261-d03762d1d51e.png)
Dang, it looks like the answer is hidden by default and you have to click the arrow to unhide. Could we make that unhidden?

Author: Sure thing, will fix

<details>
<summary><b>Is there an in-browser tool for converting ACH files into JSON?</b></summary>
Yes! You can find our browser utility at http://oss.moov.io/ach/.
</details>
<details>
<summary><b>Is my data being saved somewhere?</b></summary>

> No, we do not save any data about the files, batches, or entry details created. The only storage occurs in memory of the process and upon restart, no files, batches, or data are saved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No, we do not save any data related to files, batch, or entry details. All processing is done in-memory.
```

### Releasing

To make a release of ach simply open a pull request with `CHANGELOG.md` and `version.go` updated with the next version number and details. You'll also need to push the tag (i.e. `git push origin v1.0.0`) to origin in order for CI to make the release.

### Testing

We maintain a comprehensive suite of unit tests and recommend table-driven testing when a particular function warrants several very similar test cases. To run all test files in the current directory, use `go test`. Current overall coverage can be found on [Codecov](https://app.codecov.io/gh/moov-io/ach/).

### Fuzzing

We currently run fuzzing over ACH in the form of a [`moov/achfuzz`](https://hub.docker.com/r/moov/achfuzz) Docker image. You can [read more](./test/fuzz-reader/README.md) or run the image and report crasher examples to [`security@moov.io`](mailto:security@moov.io). Thanks!

## Related Projects
As part of Moov's initiative to offer open source fintech infrastructure, we have a large collection of active projects you may find useful:

- [Moov Watchman](https://github.com/moov-io/watchman) offers search functions over numerous trade sanction lists from the United States and European Union.

> - [Moov Fed](https://github.com/moov-io/fed) implements utility services for searching the United States Federal Reserve System such as ABA routing numbers, financial institution name lookup, and Fedwire routing information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Moov Fed](https://github.com/moov-io/fed) implements utility services for searching the United States Federal Reserve System such as ABA routing numbers, financial institution name lookup, FedACH and Fedwire routing information.
```

- [Moov Wire](https://github.com/moov-io/wire) implements an interface to write files for the Fedwire Funds Service, a real-time gross settlement funds transfer system operated by the United States Federal Reserve Banks.

> - [Moov Image Cash Letter](https://github.com/moov-io/imagecashletter) implements Image Cash Letter (ICL) files used for Check21 or check truncation files for exchange and remote deposit in the U.S.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Moov Image Cash Letter](https://github.com/moov-io/imagecashletter) implements Image Cash Letter (ICL) files used for Check21, X.9 or check truncation files for exchange and remote deposit in the U.S.
```

> - [Moov Metro 2](https://github.com/moov-io/metro2) provides a way to easily read, create, and validate Metro 2 format, which is used for consumer credit history reporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Moov Metro 2](https://github.com/moov-io/metro2) provides a way to easily read, create, and validate Metro 2 format, which is used for consumer credit history reporting by the United States credit bureaus.
```
